---
name: Alexis C. 
role: Undergraduate Learning Assistant
pronouns: She/her
photo: /assets/images/alexis.jpg
---

Hi everyone! I’m Alexis, a fourth year computer science major. My preferred pronouns are she/her/hers. I’m super excited to be a tutor for DS1 this quarter! I came into UCSB with zero computer science or data science experience, and I hope to help anyone who is feeling overwhelmed by new concepts. I also hope to help everyone build confidence in their skills and place within these fields. Some of my hobbies include dancing, reading, climbing, and embroidery. I also love trying out new recipes and restaurants in my free time. I have held multiple on-campus jobs, previously as Lead Desk Attendant in Santa Cruz hall and as a tour guide. I'm a big believer in exploring things that have absolutely nothing to do with your major, whether it be clubs, classes, intramural sports, info sessions, or performances. These experiences are so important for us to become more well-rounded individuals, and serve as a reminder that we are more than our majors and GPAs. Last Fall, I studied abroad in Lund, Sweden (and deepened my love for Ikea). I was able to take upper division computer science courses and travel all over Europe. If you are even just a bit interested in studying abroad, I highly encourage you to meet with your advisor. Living and learning in another country helped me develop more confidence in myself and helped me clarify my career goals.  Please feel free to reach out to me about study abroad, internships, on-campus jobs, classes, or just to chat. I look forward to working with you all this quarter!
